c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\bin\Debug\eng.exe.config
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\bin\Debug\eng.exe
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\bin\Debug\eng.pdb
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.engfree.resources
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.exe
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.pdb
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emirs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.menü.resources
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.çevirigeçişform.resources
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.engfree2.resources
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.cümleyaz.resources
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.CümleKurma.resources
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.Ayarlar.resources
C:\Users\emirs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\eng\eng\obj\Debug\eng.kelimedizme.resources
